now it came to pass in the days of a has
now it came to pass in the days of a has you eros
you eros
you eros this was the Hazzard heiress who reigned
this was the Hazzard heiress who reigned
this was the Hazzard heiress who reigned over 127 provinces from India to
over 127 provinces from India to
over 127 provinces from India to Ethiopia in those days when King
Ethiopia in those days when King
Ethiopia in those days when King Ahasuerus sat on the throne of his
Ahasuerus sat on the throne of his
Ahasuerus sat on the throne of his kingdom which was in Shushan The Citadel
kingdom which was in Shushan The Citadel
kingdom which was in Shushan The Citadel that in the third year of his reign he
that in the third year of his reign he
that in the third year of his reign he made a feast for all his officials and
made a feast for all his officials and
made a feast for all his officials and servants the powers of Persia and media
servants the powers of Persia and media
servants the powers of Persia and media the nobles and the princes of the
the nobles and the princes of the
the nobles and the princes of the provinces being before him when he
provinces being before him when he
provinces being before him when he showed the riches of his glorious
showed the riches of his glorious
showed the riches of his glorious Kingdom and the splendor of his
Kingdom and the splendor of his
Kingdom and the splendor of his excellent majesty for many days 180 days
excellent majesty for many days 180 days
excellent majesty for many days 180 days in all and when these days were
in all and when these days were
in all and when these days were completed the King made a feast lasting
completed the King made a feast lasting
completed the King made a feast lasting seven days for all the people who were
seven days for all the people who were
seven days for all the people who were present in Shushan the Citadel from
present in Shushan the Citadel from
present in Shushan the Citadel from great to small in the court of the
great to small in the court of the
great to small in the court of the garden of the king's palace there were
garden of the king's palace there were
garden of the king's palace there were white and blue linen curtains fastened
white and blue linen curtains fastened
white and blue linen curtains fastened with cords of fine linen and purple on
with cords of fine linen and purple on
with cords of fine linen and purple on silver rods and marble pillars and the
silver rods and marble pillars and the
silver rods and marble pillars and the couches were of gold and silver on a
couches were of gold and silver on a
couches were of gold and silver on a mosaic pavement of alabaster turquoise
mosaic pavement of alabaster turquoise
mosaic pavement of alabaster turquoise and white and black marble and they
and white and black marble and they
and white and black marble and they serve drinks in golden vessels each
serve drinks in golden vessels each
serve drinks in golden vessels each vessel being different from the other
vessel being different from the other
vessel being different from the other with royal wine in abundance according
with royal wine in abundance according
with royal wine in abundance according to the generosity of the king in
to the generosity of the king in
to the generosity of the king in accordance with the law the drinking was
accordance with the law the drinking was
accordance with the law the drinking was not compulsory for so the King had
not compulsory for so the King had
not compulsory for so the King had ordered all the officers of his
ordered all the officers of his
ordered all the officers of his household that they should do according
household that they should do according
household that they should do according to each man's pleasure Queen Vashti also
to each man's pleasure Queen Vashti also
to each man's pleasure Queen Vashti also made a feast for the women in the Royal
made a feast for the women in the Royal
made a feast for the women in the Royal Palace which belonged to King Ahasuerus
Palace which belonged to King Ahasuerus
Palace which belonged to King Ahasuerus on the seventh day when the heart of the
on the seventh day when the heart of the
on the seventh day when the heart of the King was merry with wine he commanded me
King was merry with wine he commanded me
King was merry with wine he commanded me human busines harbona big fur a bag fur
human busines harbona big fur a bag fur
human busines harbona big fur a bag fur dzifa and carcass seven eunuchs who
dzifa and carcass seven eunuchs who
dzifa and carcass seven eunuchs who served in the presence of King Ahasuerus
served in the presence of King Ahasuerus
served in the presence of King Ahasuerus to bring Queen Vashti before the king
to bring Queen Vashti before the king
to bring Queen Vashti before the king wearing her royal crown in order to show
wearing her royal crown in order to show
wearing her royal crown in order to show her beauty to the people and the
her beauty to the people and the
her beauty to the people and the officials for she was beautiful to
officials for she was beautiful to
officials for she was beautiful to behold but Queen Vashti refused to come
behold but Queen Vashti refused to come
behold but Queen Vashti refused to come at the king's command brought by his
at the king's command brought by his
at the king's command brought by his eunuchs therefore the king was furious
eunuchs therefore the king was furious
eunuchs therefore the king was furious and his anger burned within him then the
and his anger burned within him then the
and his anger burned within him then the king said to the wise men who understood
king said to the wise men who understood
king said to the wise men who understood the times for this was the Kings manner
the times for this was the Kings manner
the times for this was the Kings manner toward all who knew law and justice
toward all who knew law and justice
toward all who knew law and justice those closest to him being Kushina ether
those closest to him being Kushina ether
those closest to him being Kushina ether advaitha
advaitha
advaitha Tasha SH Mira's Messina and memucan the
Tasha SH Mira's Messina and memucan the
Tasha SH Mira's Messina and memucan the seven princes of Persia and media who
seven princes of Persia and media who
seven princes of Persia and media who had access to the King's presence and
had access to the King's presence and
had access to the King's presence and who ranked highest in the kingdom what
who ranked highest in the kingdom what
who ranked highest in the kingdom what shall we do to Queen Vashti according to
shall we do to Queen Vashti according to
shall we do to Queen Vashti according to law because she did not obey the command
law because she did not obey the command
law because she did not obey the command of King Ahasuerus brought to her by the
of King Ahasuerus brought to her by the
of King Ahasuerus brought to her by the eunuchs and
eunuchs and
eunuchs and memucan answered before the king and the
memucan answered before the king and the
memucan answered before the king and the princes Queen Vashti has not only
princes Queen Vashti has not only
princes Queen Vashti has not only wronged the King but also all the
wronged the King but also all the
wronged the King but also all the princes and all the people her in all
princes and all the people her in all
princes and all the people her in all the provinces of King Ahasuerus
the provinces of King Ahasuerus
the provinces of King Ahasuerus for the Queen's behavior will become
for the Queen's behavior will become
for the Queen's behavior will become known to all women so that they will
known to all women so that they will
known to all women so that they will despise their husbands in their eyes
despise their husbands in their eyes
despise their husbands in their eyes when they report King Ahasuerus
when they report King Ahasuerus
when they report King Ahasuerus commanded Queen Vashti to be brought in
commanded Queen Vashti to be brought in
commanded Queen Vashti to be brought in before him
before him
before him but she did not come this very day the
but she did not come this very day the
but she did not come this very day the noble ladies of Persia and Medea will
noble ladies of Persia and Medea will
noble ladies of Persia and Medea will say to all the king's officials that
say to all the king's officials that
say to all the king's officials that they have heard of the behavior of the
they have heard of the behavior of the
they have heard of the behavior of the queen thus there will be excessive
queen thus there will be excessive
queen thus there will be excessive contempt and wrath if it pleases the
contempt and wrath if it pleases the
contempt and wrath if it pleases the king let a royal decree go out from him
king let a royal decree go out from him
king let a royal decree go out from him and let it be recorded in the laws of
and let it be recorded in the laws of
and let it be recorded in the laws of the Persians and the Medes so that it
the Persians and the Medes so that it
the Persians and the Medes so that it will not be altered that rushed I shall
will not be altered that rushed I shall
will not be altered that rushed I shall come no more before King Ahasuerus and
come no more before King Ahasuerus and
come no more before King Ahasuerus and let the King give her royal position to
let the King give her royal position to
let the King give her royal position to another who is better than she when the
another who is better than she when the
another who is better than she when the Kings decree which he will make his
Kings decree which he will make his
Kings decree which he will make his proclaim throughout all his empire for
proclaim throughout all his empire for
proclaim throughout all his empire for it is great all wives will honor their
it is great all wives will honor their
it is great all wives will honor their husbands both great and small and the
husbands both great and small and the
husbands both great and small and the reply pleased the king and the princes
reply pleased the king and the princes
reply pleased the king and the princes and the King did according to the word
and the King did according to the word
and the King did according to the word of memucan
of memucan
of memucan then he sent letters to all the king's
then he sent letters to all the king's
then he sent letters to all the king's provinces to each province in its own
provinces to each province in its own
provinces to each province in its own script and to every people in their own
script and to every people in their own
script and to every people in their own language
language
language that each man should be master in his
that each man should be master in his
that each man should be master in his own house and speak in the language of
own house and speak in the language of
own house and speak in the language of his own people